JSDK-2780 missing localtrack stats (#999)
twilio/twilio-video.js: CHANGELOG.md

- Reduced connection times by removing a round trip during the initial handshake with Twilio's
  signaling server. (JSDK-2777)

Bug Fixes
---------

> - Fixed a bug in `Room.getStats()` where it did not return correct values for packetsLost, roundTripTime for local tracks. (JSDK-2780, JSDK-2755)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed a bug in `Room.getStats()` where it did not return correct values for `packetsLost`, `roundTripTime` for LocalTracks. (JSDK-2780, JSDK-2755)
```
